So, which KPI should be used as a business analyst?
Well, that really depends on what question is being asked.
As a business analyst,
you're tasked with gathering appropriate information to help you solve business problems.
You have to identify what needs to change and communicate the information in
clear manageable chunks of data to allow you to move towards a solution.
There are specific steps you take to address the question.
First, you need to think about the business goal or objective you're trying to meet,
this will guide the type of data you need to collect and the KPIs you will track.
Next, you actually do the data analysis and
calculate the appropriate business metric on your data.
Then, you use the results of your analysis to identify
a solution or a strategy that will meet the original business goal.
Finally, your present the metrics and visualizations to help
you convey your findings in a digestible way to the stakeholders.